Update build instructions following move to Poetry (#410)
rockstor/rockstor-doc: contribute/contribute.rst

    rockstor-hdparm.service  # Configures drives APM & spindown settings via hdparm

It is entirely safe to disable and delete the rockstor-hdparm.service.
The only consequence is a return to defaults for all drives on next power cycle.

.. note::

   *N.B.*: power cycle, not necessarily reboot, may be required as drive settings are often reboot sticky
   and so require an actual power cycle to return to their defaults.
   The rockstor-hdparm.service is our way to re-establish custom config on boot-up.
   The Rockstor Web-UI references this file itself for the current settings,
   and no database component is thus linked to this configuration setting.

.. _code_test:

2. Code test
~~~~~~~~~~~~

At this point the Rockstor Web-UI should be available to verify your changes.
In our example setup, the URL from **laptop** would be :code:`https://buildvm/`.

It is very important to ensure that your code changes survive a reboot.
Sometimes, especially when database changes are made, this can be an issue.
Be sure to check that the resulting build behaves as expected over:

1. A config reset - removing :code:`/opt/rockstor/.initrock` and rebooting
2. Several reboots

> In (1.) above, a database wipe is initiated helping to test the self-start code capability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In (1.) above, a database wipe is initiated helping to test the self-start code capability.
```
The smallest of requests on this one. We lost a full stop here.

See the :code:`initrock.py` script and its systemd trigger service: :code:`rockstor-pre.service` for more details.

We also have **automated tests** in place that cover our API's and core critical path functionality.
It is expected that any changes to critical path code e.g. filesystem management/updates/Web-UI/services,
include counterpart contributions to prove the expected function, if required.
This is an oft neglected element in software development
but we are attempting to better our own standing in this regard.

The following will run all tests following the source installation detailed above:

.. code-block:: text

    buildvm:~ # cd /opt/rockstor/src/rockstor
    buildvm:/opt/rockstor/src/rockstor # poetry run django-admin test -v 2

All included tests, **numbering over 200**, are expected to pass;
however, it is always worth checking our `current issues <https://github.com/rockstor/rockstor-core/issues>`_
for known failures in this area.

A note on updating
``````````````````
A source install will consider any rpm version to be an update.

> And this 'update' will necessarily delete all prior settings/database setup.

Reviewer: @FroggyFlox We actually have a differing behaviour here now. But it deserves its own issue so I've created one accordingly: #411 

It will need a little more thinking about/explanation so lets leave that change to the specific issue as everything else here is spot-on.

Author: Thanks a lot for #411. I was indeed unclear on that one so I took the safe route and didn't change much. Thank you for stepping up here; sorry for the added work, though.

- One for running commands on the VM.
- Another for browsing through the logs.

When making backend changes, you may want to view/:code:`tail` logs.
By default, Rockstor's log level is set to INFO.
To increase the log level to DEBUG, you can use the following script:

.. code-block:: text

        buildvm:~ # cd /opt/rockstor
        buildvm:~ # export DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE=settings
        buildvm:~ # poetry run debug-mode ON

> Everything that your code or any Rockstor service logs goes into the following files:

Reviewer: Thanks for this. I'm surprised we didn't already have this!

Author: Our buildout method actually automatically set `DEBUG` to `True` in settings.py. I forgot exactly how, but I remember seeing it. What do you think of adding an optional flag to `build.sh` to do that (leaving defaults as is, of course)?

Reviewer: > What do you think of adding an optional flag to `build.sh` to do that (leaving defaults as is, of course)?

That sound like the way to go, given we use the same script when building the package. Plus it will 'surface' this debug element for those that read no further than the build.sh itself. Which brings to mind the idea that we include a referenced to our developer docs within build.sh itself. So folks can easily find this doc section with only a casual look at build.sh.

Author: I do like the idea of adding a link to the docs in build.sh itself!

.. code-block:: text

>     buildvm:~ # ls -la /opt/rockstor-dev/var/log

Author: Thanks for catching that one; sorry I missed it.

    -rw-r--r-- 1 root root   1388 Nov 21 18:14 supervisord_gunicorn_stderr.log
    -rw-r--r-- 1 root root      0 Nov 21 16:52 supervisord_gunicorn_stdout.log
    -rw-r--r-- 1 root root   2638 Nov 21 18:14 supervisord.log
    -rw-r--r-- 1 root root    274 Nov 21 18:13 supervisord_nginx_stderr.log

>     -rw-r--r-- 1 root root      0 Nov 21 16:52 supervisord_nginx_stdout.log

Reviewer: Are yes, nice find.

    journalctl --no-pager  # to avoid line truncation.

When making frontend changes, "Developer Tools" in Chrome/Firefox are critically important.
You can `inspect elements <https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/dom/>`_ for HTML/CSS changes.
Log to the browser console from your JavaScript code with :code:`console.log()` statements,
and use the debugger to step through JavaScript; all from your browser.

Adding third party Javascript libraries
---------------------------------------

The frontend code uses third party JavaScript libraries such as jQuery, Bootstrap, D3.js and many others.
These are not part of the rockstor-core repository but are dynamically generated during the build.

> They are placed in the below directory on your build VM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are unzipped into the below directory on your build VM by the build script (build.sh):
```
Just a minor clarification that should help folks to follow what is going on regarding the origin of these files.
This explanation will also work for both rpm in-situ rebuilds and fresh builds such as we have here.
